Joey...?
Oh. my God.
Okay.
Press play. Subtitles appear.
200+ languages. One app:  tryray.app
So. uh...
I guess we should
make it official. huh?
Uh... look. Rach. I...
Hey. Ross is here!
Hey. look. It's my
good friend Ross!
Hey. Ross.
Hey. Joey.
Hey. you.
Look. And he brought flowers.
Oh. thanks. Ross.
I'm really more of
a candy kind of guy.
You're weird today.
Listen. I... uh...
I wanted to talk to
you about something.
Yeah. actually.
I kind of need to
talk to you. too.
Uh... Joey. can you
give us a minute?
No.
What?
I'm sorry. I meant... no.
Hey.
Look who's here.
Where's my granddaughter?
I've been practicing
my magic tricks.
He pulled a quarter
out of my ear.
Hey. where's... where's Mom?
She went to pick up Aunt Liddy.
Oh. Aunt Liddy's coming?
That means we
get five dollars each!
So when do I get to meet
Emma and show her this?
Okay. wow.
Uh... Dad. Emma's
in the nursery.
I'll take you now if you want.
But I really want
to talk to you.
I know. I still
need to talk to you.
But before you guys do that.
I need to talk to you.
And. Ross. I
need to talk to you.
Oh. and I need to talk to you.
About what?
See if you know what these guys
are talking about.
♪ So no one told you life
was gonna be this way ♪
♪ Your job's a
joke. you're broke ♪
♪ Your love life's D.O.A. ♪
♪ It's like you're always
stuck in second gear ♪
♪ When it hasn't been
your day. your week ♪
♪ Your month. or
even your year ♪
♪ But I'll be there for you ♪
♪ When the rain starts to pour ♪
♪ I'll be there for you ♪
♪ Like I've been there before ♪
♪ 'Cause you're
there for me. too. ♪
Isn't she beautiful?
Look at her.
My first grandchild.
What about Ben?
Well. of course. Ben.
I meant my first granddaughter.
God. isn't she beautiful.
Doesn't she look
just like Rachel?
I know everybody
keeps saying that.
but all I see is Vin Diesel.
Hey. what do you think
our baby will look like?
Oh. God. please... you.
Aww!
But it'll have my
sense of humor.
Ugh!
Oh. Ross.
Hmm?
Have you thought any
more about you and Rachel?
Oh. yeah. Actually.
I was going to talk
to her when you guys
all came in the room.
Yay! That's so exciting.
You could have done
that with us there.
Yeah. right.
Oh. sure. okay.
You can touch
yourself in front of us.
but you can't talk to Rachel.
What?!
When have I ever touched myself
in front of you guys?
Oh. please.
Just before. when you
were asleep in the lounge.
That Armenian family
was watching you
instead of the TV.
That reminds me...
That Mr. Hosmigian
still has my Gameboy.
Hey. Chandler. can I
talk to you for a second?
Sure.
Dude. I just did
something terrible.
That was you? I
thought it was Jack.
No. no. That was Jack.
No. Rachel thinks I
asked her to marry me.
What? Why does she think that?
'Cause it kind of
looked like I did.
Again... what?
I was down on one knee.
with the ring in my hand...
As we all are at some
point during the day.
It wasn't my ring.
It fell out of Ross' jacket
and. when I knelt
down to pick it up.
Rachel thought I was proposing.
Ross had a ring? And
he was going to propose?
I guess.
And you did it first?
This is going to kill him.
You know how much
he loves to propose.
I know. I know. It's awful.
Well. what did she say?
She said yes.
You're smiling.
No. I'm not.
Yes. you are. I can tell
by the way your mouth is.
Does Ross know?
Oh. my God.
What the hell am
I going to tell him?
Well. maybe you don't
have to tell him anything.
Ooh. I like that. Yeah.
If you clear things
up with Rachel.
then Ross never
needs to find out.
but you have to do it now
before he hears about it
and kicks your ass.
Let's not get carried away.
I want a baby.
Honey. we've been over this.
I need to be facing
the other way.
Come on.
If we have sex again.
it'll double our chances
of getting pregnant.
I think that closet's
still available.
I am so tired.
Yeah. okay. but no foreplay.
Deal.
Dad. seriously!
You know. you really should
see someone about that.
Noted.
I want to go talk to
Rachel for a minute.
You going to be
okay alone for a bit?
Are you kidding me?
I could stay and
look at her forever.
Actually. uh...
Hey.
Hi.
Are you all right?
Um... I...
I think I just got engaged.
Oh. my God! He did it?
Did you know he
was going to ask me?
Are you kidding?
I'm. like. the one
who talked him into it.
I like to think of myself
as the puppet
master of the group.
And you really think
this is a good idea?
I just talked him into it.
Don't tell me I
have to do you. too.
The puppet master
gets tired. people.
I don't know.
It just doesn't feel right.
Why? You two are so
meant to be together.
Everybody thinks so.
Really?
Even Ross?
Especially Ross.
Oh. uh... hey. Pheebs.
Uh... you know what?
I'll. uh... I'll
come back later.
Wow. Kind of a...
Kind of a full house.
I guess I'll just...
I'll come back.
There he goes.
Your fiancè.
I guess so.
Although he does play
with himself in his sleep.
Can't say I'm surprised.
Dad. what are you doing?
I think there are people
in there having sex.
Can't be me.
I'm standing right here.
Want to peek? No!
Come on.
You know what?
I don't like you without Mom.
Come on.
We're not peeking?
Well. I'm peeking.
Oh. my God!
Hello. sir.
You know Monica.
Hey. uh... is it
okay to come in?
Of course.
Oh. Joey. this ring...
I... it's beautiful.
I love it.
Yeah. Uh... look. Rach.
there's something
I got to tell you.
Hey.
Hi.
Are you ready to
try nursing again?
Yeah.
Hi. Emma.
Hey. why do you think
she won't take my breast?
It's all right. honey.
Takes some babies
a while to get it.
But don't worry. It'll happen.
Yowza!
Okay. sweetie.
you can do it.
Just open up and
put it in your mouth.
Dear Lord.
I'm sorry. honey.
What were you saying?
Uh. uh. yeah.
look. I-I think that...
Oh. 'cause look. she's
pulling away again.
Do you think my nipples
are too big for her mouth?
She looks scared.
Doesn't she look scared?
You know. I don't
really know her.
Why don't we try massaging
the breast to stimulate the flow?
Are you kidding me?
Oh. it's so frustrating.
Why doesn't she want my breast?
I don't know. Maybe she's crazy!
Oh. hey. wait up.
Hi.
Congratulations.
I didn't want to say
anything in front of Joey
'cause I didn't
know if he knew yet.
What? That we had a baby?
Let's give him a little credit.
Although he did eat a
piece of plastic fruit earlier.
No. no. That you and
Rachel are engaged.
What?
Oh. it's a secret?
Oh. goody. Yes.
Ooh. we haven't done the
secret thing in a long time.
No. Rachel and I
are not engaged.
I think you are.
What are you talking
about? Who told you that?
Rachel... your betrothed.
We're not engaged.
That's right. It's
a secret. Okay.
No. Right.
You are not engaged.
I misunderstood her.
Phoebe. there is
no secret. okay?
I didn't propose.
Are you lying?
Is this like that time
you tried to convince us
you were a doctor?
I am a doctor!
You know what?
I'm just going to go and
talk to Rachel myself.
All right. Me. too.
Shh!
Should we wake her up?
No. no. Come on. let her sleep.
She's so exhausted.
And so engaged.
Oh. my God!
She... she thinks we're engaged!
Why. why. why would
she think we're engaged?
Perhaps because you gave
her an engagement ring?
You know. Ross. doctors
are supposed to be smart.
I didn't give her that ring.
You didn't? No.
So whose ring is it?
It's mine.
Is it an engagement ring?
Yes.
But you didn't give it to her?
No.
But you were going to propose?
No!
Huh. I might be
losing interest in this.
Look... look. my
mom gave me that ring
because she wanted
me to propose to Rachel.
but all I wanted to do is see if
she maybe kind of wanted
to start things up again.
Oh. what a beautiful
lukewarm sentiment.
Look. I didn't want
to rush into anything.
And it seemed like
she didn't want to either.
But I don't understand how...
how any of this happened.
What? Did she find
the ring in my jacket.
assume I was going to propose.
throw it on. and just
start telling people?
No. no. She said you
actually proposed to her.
Well. I didn't!
I didn't propose!
Unless...
Did I?
I haven't slept in 40 hours
and...
it does sound like
something I would do.
Look. we can't
stay in here forever.
Oh. I still can't believe that
my dad saw us having sex.
He didn't make it to
one of my piano recitals.
but this he sees.
This is okay.
We're all adults here.
There's nothing
to be ashamed of.
Now let's put our
underwear in our pockets
and walk out the door.
Hi. Dad.
I can still call
you that. right?
Of course. I'll
always be your dad.
I just want you to know
that what you
witnessed in there...
That wasn't for fun.
It wasn't fun?
Why. why. why would you...?
Look. I just don't
want you to think that
we're animals who do
it whenever we want.
I don't think that.
Before today. I never thought
of you two having sex at all.
It was a simpler time.
The truth is. Dad.
we're... we're trying.
To kill you.
Why. why would you...?
We're trying to have a baby.
What?
We're trying to get pregnant.
Oh. my God. this is so exciting!
Well. get back in
there! I'll guard the door!
It's okay. Dad.
We can wait until later.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
I don't think so.
Aren't you ovulating?
Daddy?!
Well. you got to
get at it. Princess.
When your mother and I
were trying to conceive you.
whenever she was
ovulating... Bam! we did it.
That's how I got my bad hip.
That's funny. This
conversation's how
I got the bullet
hole in my head.
This one time. I had
my knee up on the sink.
and your mother. she was...
Seriously. sir. my
brains? All over the wall.
Dad. I don't think
we need to hear
about the specific positions
you and mom had sex.
You're right. This is
about your positions.
Now. what I saw in the closet
is not the optimum position
for conceiving a child.
although it might feel good.
I don't feel good right now.
But pleasure is important.
and it helps if the
woman has an orgasm.
You up to the task. sailor?
Oh. my God.
Hey. Hey.
I need to tell you something.
Well. now's a good time.
I'm on my way to
have my ears cut off.
Joey asked me to marry him.
What?
Joey proposed to me.
Is he crazy? You
just had Ross' baby.
Well. I said yes.
What. are you crazy?
You just had Ross' baby.
I'm sensing you won't
throw the shower?
It's so inappropriate.
It's worse than
that. It is wrong.
It's... It is bigger than mine.
I know.
Days of Our Lives.
thank you very much.
You can't marry him.
Why not?
I don't want to do this alone.
and he's such a sweet guy.
and he loves me so much.
Do you love him?
Sure.
Sure?
Yeah. I mean. whatever.
If you're worried about
breaking his heart again.
I think it's still broken
from the last time.
I mean. so. really.
you're just. you know.
taking the already broken pieces
and breaking them
into little smaller.
more manageable pieces.
Okay. forget that.
Honey. the question is is...
do you really want
to marry Joey?
No. No. I don't.
Could you be a
dear and go tell him?
You still haven't told Rachel
you weren't really proposing?
No. She had the ring on.
she seemed so excited.
and then she
took her breast out.
Joey. you have to tell
her what's going on.
And what did it look like?
I didn't look at it.
Stupid baby's head
was blocking most of it.
Go and tell Rachel right now
before Ross finds out.
It's not that easy.
She said she wanted to marry me.
I don't want to hurt her.
Okay. look. just do it gently.
You're right. You're right.
I'll go tell her now.
before Ross finds out.
and I'll be gentle.
I can do that.
I am a gentle person.
Oh. by the way.
two people screwing in there
if you want to check that out.
Hey.
Listen. I... um...
I heard about the engagement.
Surprised?
And confused.
Rach. sweetie. I... um...
I didn't propose to you.
I know.
I don't think you do.
You didn't propose to me.
Joey did.
Poor baby. you're so tired.
Rach. I didn't propose to you.
Joey didn't propose to you
and Chandler didn't
propose to you.
Uh...
you didn't propose to me.
Chandler didn't propose to me.
but Joey did.
Joey proposed to you?
I can come back.
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
Joey. did you propose to her?
No.
Yes. you did.
Actually. technically. I didn't.
Well. then why did
you give me a ring?
Wait. You... you
gave her the ring?
No. No. And I did not
ask her to marry me.
Yes. you did!
Yes. you did. No. I didn't.
No. I didn't.
Yes. you did.
And don't you say you didn't!
He was right there.
He got down on one
knee. and he proposed.
Whoa. You were down on one knee?
Yeah. yeah. that looks bad.
But I didn't...
I didn't propose.
Than what did happen?
Yeah. What did happen?
Okay. the ring
fell on the floor.
and I went down to pick it up.
and you thought I was proposing.
Yeah. but you said.
"Will you marry me?"
No. I didn't.
Yes. you did!
Yes. you did.
Oh. my God. you didn't!
Then why didn't you
tell me that before?!
I tried. but people
kept coming in.
and then you took
your breast out.
Whoa! Hey!
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
You saw her breast?
I'll tell you about
it later. Be cool.
Then. Joey. what the
hell were you doing
with an engagement ring?!
It wasn't my ring.
It's Ross' ring.
That's why I felt so bad. Rach.
because he was going to propose.
What?
You were going to propose to me?
Uh...
No.
This is awkward.
But I was going to see
if you maybe wanted
to start dating again.
but. I mean. that was all. Rach.
Dude. step up. I proposed.
No. you didn't.
Oh. that's right.
There's a lot going on here.
And I think I ate
some bad fruit earlier.
All right. so let me
just get this clear.
You didn't propose.
You weren't going to propose.
So. this morning. I
didn't have a boyfriend.
and somehow I got
dumped twice today.
Hey. she just woke
up. She's hungry.
Why don't we give
this another try?
Okay.
Here we go again!
I can't believe you told her
I was going to propose.
I can't believe you're
not going to propose.
Hey. I'm not going
to rush into anything.
Oh. yeah. dude. I
totally understand.
Usually. after I have
a baby with a woman.
I like to slow things down!
Oh. my God! What?
She's doing it! She's
breast-feeding. Look.
Oh. it's beautiful.
I'll come back for her later.
Okay. Thank you.
Oh. wow. this feels weird.
Good weird?
Wonderful weird.
You know what. you guys?
I'm going to go. too.
I'm sorry about everything.
Honey. don't worry.
It was my mistake.
No. Rach. I should
have told you sooner.
It's just that...
Man. that kid is going to town!
She's perfect.
We're so lucky.
We really are.
Look. I know it's
not a proposal.
and I don't know where you are.
but with everything that's
been going on. and with Emma...
I've been feeling...
I know. I know.
I'm feeling.
Yeah?
Okay. well. that...
Wow. okay. well. um...
Then. maybe. at least
we can talk about us again.
Yeah. maybe.
Well. good. okay.
I-I. kind of think.
you know. if we...
You're wearing the ring.
Wh... what's that?
And you told Phoebe
you were engaged.
I'm sorry. What?
When you thought
Joey proposed. did...
did you say yes?
Kids. I spoke to a doctor.
and picked up these pamphlets
on how to get pregnant.
Hey. Dad.
Hi.
Sorry to bother you again.
but could you pass
my pamphlets back?
Thank you.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm